[pull] primary from flybywiresim:primary (#386)
Valastiri/fbw-userguide: docs/fbw-a32nx/support/reported-issues.md

    ^^Description^^

>     Reports on the MSFS forums note that CTD's are happening after updating to the latest driver's from Nvidia - version `497.09`. See - [this forum post](https://forums.flightsimulator.com/t/new-nvidia-497-09-always-ctd/477825?page=3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Reports on the MSFS forums note that CTD's are happening after updating to the driver version `497.09` from Nvidia . See - [this forum post](https://forums.flightsimulator.com/t/new-nvidia-497-09-always-ctd/477825?page=3).
```
